Narrator: Tonight on
"Shark Tank"...
Stein-Bischoff: This is the next
massive children's brand.
O'Leary: Why?
Imagine, Kevin --
Why does anybody
need any of this?
Dang.
I said,
"Give me two years.
Let me give it
a swing."
But the sales
are so low.
[ Chuckles ]
You went all in.
We came here today
to make a deal.
I actually think
you're pretty brilliant.
What?!
I want to have some fun.
All of our problems
have gotten too dang big!
We need more...
Herjavec:
Oh, my goodness!
O'Leary:
15 years, never seen anything
like this on "Shark Tank."
♪♪
Narrator: First into the Tank
is a solution
for an inconvenient problem
in the great outdoors.
♪♪
Good morning, Sharks.
I'm Bob Legg.
And I'm Keith Lindsey.
And we are Air Boss Outdoors.
And we're from
Jacksonville, Texas.
And we're here to ask you
for $65,000 for a 10% equity
in our necessities
product business.
At Air Boss Outdoors,
we design and develop
innovative solutions
to some of those
age-old problems
that outdoorsmen
have experienced for years.
In the outdoors,
you go out and you relax
and you have
a good time,
but there's always --
there's a number-one problem --
relieving yourself
in the woods.
[ Laughter ]
We've developed
the number-one necessity
for doing number two
outdoors.
[ Laughter ]
Let me introduce you to
the Krapp Strapp.
[ Laughter ]
♪♪
Cuban: That's great!
It allows everybody
a comfortable --
doing the deuce
outdoors.
Wait a minute, now.
Wow.
Cuban: "Doing the deuce
outdoors."
Don't be laughing.
You can see
how it works.
You just simply attach it
around your waist,
attach it
to a strong structure
like a tree
or even a fence post.
You could use the bumper
on a vehicle, even.
John: There you go.
And you simply lean back,
squat down...
And let it fly.
...and relieve
yourself.
Oh.
Herjavec: Bob, I was worried
we were going to see...
Brilliant.
...everything there.
I tried to get it on TV,
but I couldn't get there.
[ Laughter ]
It will take
and hold 400 pounds.
It's got two pockets,
each -- one on each side.
Toilet paper,
corncobs, leaves...
Corncobs?!
...or any other thing
you want to put in it.
Now, how many of you,
one-handed,
can take a piece
of toilet paper
and make it into a nice wipeable
piece of equipment...
While you're hanging on
to the tree?
It's hard.
...while you're still
hanging on the tree?
Let's say
you get through that.
Well, you got to finish up
the job one-handed.
Mm.
Well, let me
just tell you.
One-handed
and you don't do enough
and you leave a residual,
it's going to itch
when it dries.
Oh!
Right.
[ Laughter ]
Fact! Now, by God,
the reason you're laughing
is because
you've been there.
Oh, it's so true, right?
It's so true, right?
It is true!
Now, Sharks,
we've come a long way
from Jacksonville,
Texas.
And, honestly, we came here
today to make a deal.
We'd like to be also --
Mark -- Mark, owns Texas.
Get up here.
Mark, go demonstrate.
John: Yeah, Mark.
Cuban: No one drops a deuce
better than me.
Yeah, baby.
You're the man!
Bob?
Yes, sir?
Why do you say it holds
corn on the cob?
'Cause anything you want to put
in it to do the wiping job...
People use corncobs.
A corncob?!
What?!
Where are you from?
Oh, my God!
[ Laughs ]
All right, Mark.
Hey, wait a minute.
Move it down
on his crack.
Down on your waist a little bit
and pull your feet --
pull your feet forward.
Come on.
All the way, Mark.
All the way.
Herjavec:
Oh, yeah! You go boy!
Now,
hands-free.
Oh!
Mark, go --
No, Mark, Mark!
Oh, yeah!
Like Lori would tell you,
knees up, Squatty Potty level.
I need the knees
way up there, baby.
That's right!
Get Squatty Potty level.
Like a dog.
Like,
knees way up there.
Lower!
Yeah, yeah! Oh!
Eee!
[ Laughter ]
This is great.
Well done.
Greiner: Now, Mark,
do you feel like
you're seated?
Stand up.
Like, comfortable,
seated?
It's comfortable.
It actually works.
Yeah. It's comfortable.
Yeah.
That's cool.
So I have to
find out about you.
I'm 81 years old.
Okay.
You're a young pup.
Congratulations.
I'm an old man.
Dude, I got to watch.
I can bend my knees,
but then I can't get up.
And is this your
first invention?
No, ma'am. Our company started
with motion decoys.
Herjavec:
What's a motion decoy?
When you put decoys out to go
duck hunting, what do they do?
They just pfft.
They just sit there.
Right?
Right.
Well, I put a motor in them
so they'd move
and the ducks would say,
"Hey, dude.
There's someone down there.
Let's go."
[ Laughter ]
Anyway, I sold the company
and whatever.
And then about three
or four --
Three.
Four years back,
got associated with Keith,
whom I have known
for 30 years,
and we developed
an outdoor business.
Greiner: That's good.
Okay, well,
let's talk about sales.
Has anybody bought
the Krapp Strapp?
Yes.
How many?
The Krapp Strapp
went on the market
in October
of last year, okay?
Yeah.
With zero advertising dollars
spent...
Yep.
...last year,
we sold approximately
4,000 units
between October and January.
What?
Wow.
O'Leary:
How many dollars is that?
Wow! Impressive!
Every unit went through
our e-commerce website.
What do you charge for it?
Greiner: How much
do they cost?
$49.95 each.
What does it cost you
to make it?
That's a good price.
$50?! Wow!
200 grand worth
of Krapp Strapps?
In four months.
What does it cost you
to make?
It costs $17.
And it was
no advertising whatsoever?
No advertising.
We spent zero dollars.
So how do people know?
Was it
your existing customer?
Oh, no.
No, ma'am.
How did they know?
I'll tell you exactly.
July the 1st,
he put it online
just -- just for grins.
One social media post
by me.
That was on the 1st.
That's a Friday.
Tuesday, it had been seen
by 1,000,200 people.
And we had a list of...
Wow!
I could see that.
...wild and wooly stuff.
John: So can I ask you,
what do you need the money for?
I want to be clear about
our intentions for your $65,000.
Okay?
You know the people
that have been really successful
at marketing, e-commerce,
social media, advertising.
We have tried
some of that.
And failed.
We waste money,
okay, on that.
We've tried.
We do.
Help us!
We waste money on that.
So we get it. So right now,
what you're saying is,
that you want to take the money
and, I guess, the partnership
to do the sales and marketing.
That's exactly
what we want.
Let me have this.
I want a partnership.
Go ahead.
I want a part--
I want to have some fun.
[ Laughter ]
You know, I think it's
so inspiring to see you here,
creating products
and building a business.
Bless you.
And I think
it's a great product,
because sales don't lie.
And you've got sales.
Right. We do.
But I will not
be going on the Krapp Strapp
journey with you.
It's not for me.
But I wish you all the best.
I'm out,
but there's four other Sharks.
And one from Texas.
Well, thank you.
Keith and Bob,
fantastic presentation.
And right to the point --
I was a camp counselor
as a teenager,
and I've had my rear end
bitten by mosquitoes
while doing number two.
And that's why I have
a new motto for my life.
Every night, I have
to sleep somewhere
where there's a mint
on my pillow.
That's how I work.
I think this is
a fantastic product.
You think about products
on "Shark Tank" for 15 years.
No, there's never been
a Krapp Strapp.
Never.
Ever.
And it works.
But, guys, I'm not your Shark.
I'm out.
We appreciate that,
Mr. Kevin.
Keith and Bob, I think that
I'm actually interested.
I'm one of -- I think I'm
the only outdoors person here.
But I'll be very honest.
There's another Shark here.
She would be interested
because she happens to
have been in this space
in different categories --
Squatty Potty.
I think you have some
other products in this area.
I'm asking if I can get
another Shark in on here
or if she's interested.
Greiner: Yes.
I will go in on it
with you, Daymond.
I'll clear the --
I'll clear the deck
because I wanted to make sure
you guys got an offer
because you'd be fun
to work with.
But Daymond's
the outdoors Shark,
and he understands
better than I do,
so I'll go out.
And if their deal is nasty,
then I'll come back in.
[ Laughter ]
So what are you guys
going to do?
Lindsey: We have 31 --
Wait, they're getting ready.
You got to stop selling.
♪♪
Narrator:
Three Sharks are out.
Daymond and Lori are interested
in teaming up to make an offer
for Keith and Robert's outdoor
bathroom aid, Krapp Strapp.
Okay, so Daymond and I
discussed this.
We realize you need a lot
of help with a lot of things.
Yes, we do.
Thank you.
But Daymond and I are
going to go in on it,
but we want to be more
equal partners to you.
You came in asking
for $65,000 for 10%.
We're going to ask
for $65,000 for 35%.
Cuban: Ooh!
Ichiwawa! Caramba!
It's not bad.
John: There you go.
There you go.
So we will collectively
own one-third.
Hey!
And I'm assuming --
Let's go 25%
and be done with this.
Give us a little bit
of room.
Yeah, let's do 25%.
Come back this way
a little bit.
You want 33.3%?
Daymond loves that number.
♪♪
Bob, we're there?
We're done.
Cuban:
Congratulations, guys.
Well done, well done!
John:
I love this thing!
Now you two can say you help
people do the deuce outdoors.
Thank you.
Cuban:
Do the deuce outdoors.
Help people do the deuce.
Thank you, man.
I love ya.
Great. Thank you.
I love you, too, man.
Thanks, darling.
All right.
Thank you, brother.
Now, you didn't take a crap
while we were here talking,
did you?
Daymond!
Ooh.
How did you know?
[ Laughter ]
Bob, you're a star,
buddy. You're a star.
Thank, y'all.
Thank you.
We love ya.
They're going to be
so much fun.
[ Laughing ]
Oh, my God.
Oh...my...God.
Good job, Bob!
You go, boy!
Whoo!
We'll all make some money.
It's fun!
They enjoyed it.
I loved it.
That's just us.
Narrator: In season 14, we
watched Whitney and Chaz Gates
make a deal with Mark Cuban
for their wine-based
cocktail company, WONDRY.
Mark, you got a deal.
Welcome to WONDRY.
Welcome to our wino family!
Let's see what
they're up to now.
Whitney:
Before "Shark Tank," we were
just a local Texas business.
But after, we became
a nationally-recognized brand
overnight.
Within 24 hours,
we had sold out
of every single product.
Chaz: After signing the deal
with Mark,
he got to work
immediately.
He connected us
with Southern Glazer's,
the world's preeminent
alcohol distributor.
Within two weeks,
we signed a 10-year partnership
that gives us access
to restaurants, retailers,
airlines
across the nation.
When we pitched
the Sharks,
we were in just
50 retail accounts.
Today, we're in nearly
400 retail stores.
We're in Sam's Club,
Costco, Target.
We started in
a 1,400-square-foot facility.
Now we're in
a 10,000-square-foot facility.
When we went
into the Tank,
we had just been in business
11 months
and done roughly $250,000
in revenue.
It's been less
than a year,
and WONDRY has gone on to make
$1.1 million in sales.
They had a vision,
and they went for it.
Chaz and Whitney eat, sleep,
and breathe this business.
They took everything they had --
$100,000 -- and went all in.
Introducing our
newest innovation,
Creamy Chocolate Martini.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Cuban: You know,
when you're a Black winemaker,
you're a rarity.
And as a rarity, their community
looks up to them,
and you compound that
with them being successful
and growing so quickly,
they are going to be
encouraging entrepreneurs
across the country.
To WONDRY Wines.
Let's go!
Chaz: We know that
there's not a lot of people
who've gotten into this business
who looks like us.
You know, we have two boys now
who look up to us.
We also know that there's
a lot of children out there
and people in the community
who look up to us.
And they see that we're
literally breaking curses
from the past
that could have held us back.
But we persevered.
And if we walk away
with one message today,
it's to young people out there
to know that
they can do it, too,
and they can also create
generational wealth
for their families.
We are living proof
that you can break barriers
while chasing your dreams,
one glass at a time.
♪♪
Narrator: Next up is a big idea
for those who think small.
♪♪
Hello, Sharks!
My name is Jared Waters.
I'm from Portland, Oregon.
And I am seeking $100,000
in exchange for 20% equity
in my company.
Sharks, the world has been
through a lot of big changes
these past few years --
a big pandemic,
a big recession.
In fact, all of our problems
have gotten too dang big!
We need more...
cute in the world.
It's time to think small.
Smaller.
Smaller?
That's what
I'm talking about.
Introducing Mini Materials,
authentic, high-quality, modern
miniature building supplies
for dollhouse construction,
dioramas,
and to-scale re-creations.
We deliver joy
by the pallet-load.
We use innovative techniques
to bring high-quality products
that are made in the USA,
and they are as real
as they are adorable.
Aw!
Real concrete, real wood,
even real metal.
Traditional dollhouse companies
do Victorian molding.
We do breeze blocks.
They do picket fences.
We do Jersey barriers.
They do doilies and frills.
We do moving dollies
and pallet jacks.
That's pretty good.
We are not your grandmother's
dollhouse company.
We cater to a new generation
of creatives
who make art
with fingerboards
and action figures
and RC crawlers.
If your hobby is small,
then we are the perfect fit.
Now, Sharks, we don't like
to make guarantees about gains,
but after one day
with many materials,
you will be able to lift
an entire pallet
of cinder blocks
over your head
with one hand.
So, Sharks, who wants to...
demolish a stagnant industry
and make a big deal
with Mini Materials?
That's great.
Good job. Good job.
Greiner: Good job.
Thank you.
Bravo!
John: That was great.
Why? Why does anybody
need any of this?
It's a toy.
What are you
talking about?
Because people need joy.
And everybody has some samples
in front of them
if you guys want
to start playing.
So cute!
I'm here to answer questions
when you're done playing with
the sample.
Oh, that's so crazy.
[ Grunting ]
Honestly, from someone who has
had to wrap a lot of pallets,
this is adorable.
Yeah. Thank you.
When you said,
"This is real"...
Real concrete. Yeah.
This is real. Yes.
It's actually mortar?
It's actually mortar. Yeah.
Greiner: So cute!
Oh, look, even
a little buzz saw.
O'Leary: 15 years, never
seen anything like this.
Super cute.
How does it translate
into sales?
Give us an idea of when you
started this and what occurred.
I actually bought the business
one year and one month ago.
Oh.
Daymond: Okay.
Herjavec: Oh.
So the business has a lot
to do with Reddit.
With the online forum Reddit?
Yeah.
One of the original cofounders
was looking on Reddit,
and somebody had handmade
a concrete block,
and they were like,
"That is awesome."
And so,
he started making them.
And then he put it on Reddit,
as well, saying,
"Look, I have this whole pallet
with cinder blocks."
And people were like,
"I love that,"
went to the front page
of Reddit,
of Reddit again.
Dang.
So lo and behold,
pretty soon they had
a very healthy side business.
I came across this post,
"Hey, I have a business,
and I'm looking to sell it."
So I reached out via Reddit
and ended up purchasing
the company from them.
What did you buy
the business for?
$200,000.
And where did you get
the money for that, Jared?
So I took a HELOC
against my house.
So...
Wow.
You really believe.
Cuban: You went all in.
I did.
I have been always
wanting to start a business.
What attracted me to this
is it's making things.
And what are your margins
on this?
So on an individual product
basis,
they go from 50% to like 93%,
with a blended rate
of about 75%.
Well, that's not bad at all.
What are your sales?
So in the last year,
I've done $200,000 in sales.
Good for you.
Greiner: Good for you.
Oh, pretty good.
And you own it
100% yourself?
Waters: I own it 100%.
And you're making them?
I make them, yeah.
How much does this
sell for?
That one, without the logo
printed on it, is $20.
And what does it cost you
to make this?
$4.
John:
That's pretty pricey.
So this is really
for enthusiasts or hobbyists
that are probably
a little more mature.
Is this for children,
really?
Like, I'm trying
to get the age.
Like 8 to 12 is what my
packaging guidelines recommend.
What's the average?
I don't know if I have
a hard number on that
that I would be 100% confident
in saying.
I do know --
Generally?
So generally, I --
Well, what do you see --
Let's talk social media,
because that will reflect --
Well, he still didn't
answer my question.
Well, because he doesn't
know his demographic.
Greiner: Maybe he doesn't know.
Yeah. I mean, I would say --
Well, for, then,
that reason, I'm out.
Daymond!
What do you want me
to tell you?
So what do you do
with social media?
You know, I could see this,
like, doing a lot
of stop-action animation.
Yeah. Stop animation.
People do stop animation
with things, for sure.
Yeah.
But are you doing any of that
to increase sales?
I am, but one of the reasons
I'm here right now
is marketing is my biggest
weakness as a company.
I'm not horrible at it.
Tell us about
your background.
I'm doing this full-time
right now.
I grew up in rural Idaho,
went to a two-room schoolhouse.
And then after I graduated,
I moved to Portland.
I blinked and got my first
real, professional job,
blinked and then was married,
blinked and had kids,
blinked and had a house,
and life just was flying by.
And this, like, desire to start
a business was always there.
But starting a business
and not having sales
just seemed
slightly irresponsible
for having kids
and having a mortgage.
I love how you said that.
You know, "I blinked,
and 15 years later"...
Blinked, yeah, for real.
Yeah.
Truer words
have never been spoken.
..."here we are
on 'Shark Tank.'"
Yep.
Yeah, life just goes by.
And blink, you have a business.
Are you making money
on the $200,000?
I am making money. Yes.
Are you paying yourself?
How much?
I am paying myself --
So, so far
in that last year and a month,
I have pulled out
about $55,000
out of the business.
Good for you.
You know, it's really
interesting.
I can see a forever, perpetual
demand for it
from a very small segment
of the market.
Everything about it is small,
literally.
Yeah.
And that makes it
a difficult investment for me
because, I mean, I don't know
how you blow this thing up.
It's just too small for me,
Jared. I'm out.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I do think there is
a lot of good upside.
I think it's cute
as can be.
It's not a business
for me,
but I think it's
a great business for you.
And I wish you good luck,
but I'm out.
Thank you.
Jared, I blinked,
and I've been here for 15 years.
What I've learned is,
if you have a good business,
you can get it
to $2 to $3 million
by sheer willpower
of your execution.
You can make
a fantastic living.
But as an investor,
I need to see more scale.
I don't see it
beyond that.
So I'm going to be out
just for that.
Wish you all the best.
So I think there is upwards
of -- room for it to happen.
Cuban: Look, Jared,
Jared, Jared,
entrepreneurs are willing to
take the pain of working,
working to avoid the pain
of looking back
when you're 70, 80, 90 years old
and never had tried.
Yes.
And so, you get a ton of credit
for going for it.
I think this business
can be successful,
but because it's so new
and inventing a new industry,
in a lot of respects,
it can take decades, right?
And I know that you don't
want to hear that sound of it.
That's a lot of pain.
But I just -- I'm not ready to
go along for that long a ride.
So for those reasons,
I'm out.
Everybody
loves the product.
Yeah. It's great.
You just got to grind it
out, Jared.
John: Yeah, it is very cool.
Jared, you really
have something here,
and it'll never happen
fast enough,
but when you blink again,
it could be
a $2, $3, $4 million business
with $1 million
in your pocket.
Yeah.
All right, man.
Good luck, Jared.
Good luck.
Thank you, guys.
I am disappointed, for sure.
There's no way to not be.
But I know that I will succeed
and end up
with mini world domination.
♪♪
You can toilet train your cat
with CitiKitty.
[ Laughter ]
Take a look here.
[ Cat urinating ]
[ Laughter ]
I mean, just think about a cat
sitting on a toilet seat,
having a coffee,
smoking a cigarette,
waiting to take a dump.
That's what I was thinking
on that deal.
This is so crazy.
Rescate: Just remember --
Okay, if you don't have cats,
you don't understand.
[ Cat meows ]
Narrator: Next up is a solution
to an annoying problem
for guitar players.
♪♪
Hey, Sharks.
I'm Nicholas George.
And I'm Kevin Mac.
We're here
seeking $75,000
for 10% equity
in our business TIK PIK,
the pick that sticks.
Now, before we get down
to business, I'm sure
you're asking yourselves,
"What exactly is a TIK PIK?"
So, Kevin, I was thinking
maybe you could sing them
a little song.
♪ Well, hey there, Sharks,
I like playing guitar ♪
♪ But I'm always losing picks
in them honky-tonk bars ♪
♪ Don't worry, y'all,
I got the fix ♪
♪ All you really need
is a pack of TIK PIKs ♪
♪ See, before TIK PIKs,
I put picks in my mouth ♪
♪ I'd drop them on the floor,
I'd lose them in the couch ♪
♪ No one ever made a pick
Kevin Mac couldn't lose ♪
♪ But with TIK PIK,
that's hard to do ♪
♪ See, TIK PIK
has a real good grip ♪
♪ And it feels mighty fine
on your fingertips ♪
♪ Just put them
on your guitar ♪
♪ And they'll stay till
you want to pick them up ♪
♪ And you're ready
to play ♪
Both:
♪ With TIK PIK, TIK PIK ♪
♪ The only pick that sticks ♪
♪ TIK PIK, TIK PIK ♪
♪ For $29.95,
that'll get you six ♪
Yeah! Good job.
Yeehaw!
Greiner: Good job.
Nice!
George: Thank you, guys.
Thank you.
Sharks, we have some samples
out in front of you.
You guys can all put them on
the guitar, see how they stick.
Kevin,
play something for us.
Well, Kevin, if you want, I got
that electric sitting up there
if you want to plug that in
and play.
John: This is actually
the only thing
that Kevin is decent at.
Let's do the electric.
Let's do the electric? Okay.
Let's do it.
Yeah. Yeah.
Let's do it, Kev.
Give me some --
There you go.
Let's do blues in E.
[ Guitars playing ]
Oh, come on, man!
Give me something.
[ Playing continues ]
Whoo!
Ah-haw! Yeah!
Get it, Kev!
Go, Kevin!
Come on, Kevin.
[ Playing continues ]
Yeah, Kev!
Oh!
Whoo!
♪♪
[ All cheer ]
Kevin: Thank you, thank you.
Thank you very much.
There you go, Kev!
George: Excellent.
My man! Yes!
Oh, man.
Greiner:
Great job, Kevin!
Yeah, good job.
So Kevin was playing with
one of our guitar picks.
What do you think,
Kevin?
So how do players feel
about the -- the raised pod
of -- of silicone
or whatever that is?
Yeah.
First off, I've been
a guitar player for 25 years.
I make a good living being
a professional musician.
I had a guy who brought me
this pick, one of our partners,
and he was telling me about
this pick with a grip on it.
I didn't care.
When he handed it to me,
I lost my mind
because, the thing is, picks
that are in the industry now,
they don't have a grip.
People are
dropping picks.
If a pick company tries
to put a grip on a pick,
it's not comfortable,
so that's what I liked about it.
Then he stuck it to my guitar,
and I about passed out.
I told him, I said,
"You've missed it.
The grip is great.
Sticking to my guitar
with no adhesive
or residue or stickiness,"
I said, "that's the home run."
That's key.
There's no residue?
None.
What about the sweat? Does it
take away the stick factor?
No, it does not.
No.
You can drop it in the dirt
and pick it up --
it'll get dirty --
and rinse it in water,
and it's brand-new.
What's your background?
I got a crazy story, man.
I used to work
back in Virginia Beach
with a lot of hip-hop artists
who were from Virginia Beach,
who helped me get into
the studio and learn the studio,
which I played
a hip country music at a --
Would that be Timbaland
and those guys?
Yeah.
So Timbaland and
Missy Elliott and Teddy Riley.
Then I played shows with them.
Met a guy, a big producer.
He was like, "Kevin Mac,
you're dope.
You're great. Move to Nashville.
Here's a publishing deal."
My wife moved back in
with her parents.
I got in a truck,
moved to Nashville,
slept on a couch
for two years.
And my wife believed in me
for it.
Man, I said I wasn't
gonna cry on the show.
Greiner: Aw!
She's gonna kill me.
But she -- she believes
in me so much.
And she -- I said,
"Give me two years.
Let me give it a swing.
I don't want to be
70 years old going, 'What if?'"
Right? And I said,
"But if it works out,
you come to Nashville,"
and we've been there
for eight years.
And we got a 3-year-old
little boy out there.
Good for you.
And through the community
I built there, record producer
who's done so much for me,
his name is Keith Stegall,
and that's how I met Nick.
You can tell them.
So I was born and raised
in the Cayman Islands.
Cuban: Hey, I get it.
Oh, wow!
East End, baby!
Yeah. East End!
My father's
a career musician.
50-plus years singing in Cayman
on the beach.
Blond-haired calypso singer
goes by The Barefoot Man.
The Barefoot --
The Barefoot Man.
Oh, my God, my wife, like,
just, like, just goes nuts.
That's my dad.
That's my father, right?
Oh, my God!
So my dad -- I've always
been Barefoot's son.
So I never wanted
to get into music,
though I always
wrote music.
And during COVID,
my daughter said,
"I think I might want to be
a musician like grandpa."
And I said, "Well,
let's go make a song."
And in the process of doing
that, I wrote a whole album.
And in that process --
He just mentioned Keith Stegall.
We met through Keith, who's been
a friend of my father's.
And we became friends.
We hit it off.
So, guys, who said, "I'm going
to put two silicone pads
on a pick"?
We have a third partner.
There's actually five of us
in the business.
Five owners?
It's like a herd of ticks
in that.
But we need six
to fill the pack.
Yeah, we need six.
So he was searching
for the best grip
and came across this
nano-suction material.
And when they brought it to
Kevin and I in the first place,
it was,
"It's a really good grip,"
and we just went
right past that
to, "It sticks
to your guitar."
I buy that
it's a better product.
Tell us about the sales.
Absolutely.
So we've been selling
since October of last year,
barely eight months.
We have a total of $60,000 sales
lifetime.
We sell a six-pack,
which is our main product.
So that has either one
of each of the gauges.
We do a thin, medium,
and a heavy gauge,
or we have a multipack,
and that's two of each gauge
in the multipack.
What do you sell it for?
What does it cost to make?
You Sharks
are going to like this.
It costs $2.44 landed.
For six of them?
For six of them
in that pack.
$29.95 retail.
Greiner: Wow!
$15 wholesale.
And, Nicholas,
are you making any money?
Did you make any money
on the $60,000?
We're expecting this year to
have about $120,000 total sales,
and we expect anywhere from
breaking even
to about $20,000
in profit.
We sell primarily on our website
and on Amazon.
We also have
four music shops
that we've been able to get
as wholesalers so far.
And our split this year
we're estimating to be
about 85%
direct to customers
and about 15% wholesale.
So, guys, how big do you think
this could be?
So the entire
pick industry,
I can tell you,
without naming names,
one of the biggest manufacturers
of guitar picks
sells tens and tens
and tens of millions
of packs of picks a year.
So what is an average cost
of a pack of six?
Fifty cents.
And this is --
This is $5.
So you have to be
a committed guitar player.
Yeah.
No, no.
I've had a company
talk to me about
wanting to put it
in new guitar players.
They love it
for the student.
Yeah.
They love it for the guitar
player coming up.
You know what my mom hated
most of all?
Picks in the dryer,
picks in the couch,
the dog eating a pick.
Understood.
So you guys are, like,
in Guitar Center
at all,
or have you tried?
We tried to reach out
to the big-box stores,
and their response
has been,
"When we get the demand,
we'll give you a call."
Okay, so I love your name.
TIK PIK --
the pick that sticks.
It's great.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Guys, let me shortcut.
Well, let me finish, Mark.
Wait. No,
hold on, hold on.
Honestly, I don't know
how big this can be.
Yes, sir.
But as someone who tried
to teach themselves guitar --
I was sitting up all night
teaching myself chords --
I see the value
of a good pick.
So I'll tell you what --
I'll make you an offer.
You have five partners.
I'll be the sixth partner.
$75,000 for 16%.
For 16%.
Uh-huh.
[ Chuckles ]
I'm a Shark.
I know you are, man.
You're a good guy, too.
Yeah, you're a good guy.
Yeah.
Thank you
for the offer, Mark.
Can -- Does anyone else
have any other offers?
Oh...
Are you waiting?
5...4...
Yeah, I'm not waiting.
Dude?
...3...
George: Yeah.
...2...
Yeah.
You got a deal, Mark.
John: Oh! Ooh!
Okay.
I was waiting
to see what happened.
Whoa!
Good one.
Mac: We're going
to have fun.
Done. Let's go.
God bless you, man.
Guys, thank you all
so much.
Good job!
Give us a song.
Hold on one sec.
Hold on a second.
♪ Well, hey there, Sharks,
let me tell you how I feel ♪
♪ Mark Cuban, we're so happy
that we got a deal ♪
Yeehaw!
Herjavec: Good one.
Thank you, guys.
Appreciate it, guys.
Greiner: Good one!
Thank you.
Thanks, Keith.
Congrats, guys.
That's crazy, bro.
Crazy.
Awesome!
I think there would have been
a bad taste in my mouth
if he tried to just beat us up,
and he didn't.
His offer was fair for
the amount of money we're asking
and, you know,
where we're at now.
He understands
we're just getting started,
but he sees
where we can go.
Yeah.
♪♪
Narrator: Next up,
an original way
for kids
to express themselves.
♪♪
Hi, Sharks. My name
is Jennifer Stein-Bischoff,
and I'm from Brooklyn, New York.
I'm seeking $250,000 in exchange
for 10% equity of my company,
Supermix Studio.
Sharks, as a mom, I've witnessed
the self-esteem boost
that kids get when they pick out
their own outfit.
As a designer, I wondered
how I could enable kids
to create something that's a
true reflection of who they are.
Introducing Supermix Studio,
the world's first interactive
custom kids clothing brand.
Our innovative platform
empowers kids
to celebrate their individuality
by designing their own clothes.
If a video game
and a clothing brand had a baby,
it would be Supermix Studio.
Users can hyper-personalize
our clothing and accessories
and create something
that's 100% original.
Just like Jake, who loves
soccer and skating.
John: Nice.
Herjavec: Cool.
And Jasmine,
who loves tennis
and dance.
But Supermix is really
all about the design experience.
Let me show you.
First, visit our website
and choose a style.
We have sweats, denim jackets,
backpacks, and accessories,
all made of
sustainable materials.
Then click "customize now."
Our design platform opens up,
and you'll find over 500
premium patches to choose from.
Just drag and drop
and place them
anywhere you want
on the style --
the front, back, sleeves,
and even the hood.
Step three is our job.
In our studio, we bring your
child's masterpiece to life.
As you can see,
May is wearing the final product
just like the one
designed onscreen.
Nice.
And the best part?
Your kid won't want
to take Supermix off
because they're proud of it.
That's the Supermix magic.
Sharks, who wants to join me
in empowering kids
to express themselves
by literally wearing
their hearts on their sleeves?
All: Ready, set, patch!
[ Laughter ]
Good job. Good job, guys.
Cuban: Good job, guys.
Very good.
Stein-Bischoff: Thank you, guys.
You were amazing.
Thank you.
Good job, guys.
Greiner: Thank you.
Herjavec: Thank you, guys.
John: Excellent. Excellent.
Bye!
Sharks, in front of you
you'll find Supermix
that I took the liberty
of designing for you.
This is super cute.
Oh, my goodness!
Look at this!
Of course --
All right, I'm in.
It's really cute.
Sniffle.
Robert, you have
our classic denim jacket.
And what you're seeing there
are our super-sized patches.
As I mentioned,
we have over 500 patches,
and we have over 30 of these
large, super-sized patches,
which is really what everybody
gets super excited about.
Greiner: It's really
a cute idea.
Very cute.
This is really well-made.
It is thick.
And this is a jean jacket,
but it's soft.
Yes.
And how much is it?
What would this
jean jacket cost?
Sure. So that jean jacket
is $69. That's the base price.
We're seeing an additional
$15 to $20 upsell
in all of the patches
per design.
It comes --
That's an amazingly
good price.
Yeah, that's a great price.
Thank you. It is
an amazing price.
What does it cost you
to make?
So that denim jacket
is $13.75.
Wow.
And as I mentioned,
it retails for $69.
So the margins on denim
are in the high $70s.
What about
in the sweatshirts?
The sweatshirt --
So, Daymond, the sweatshirt
that you have there
is $7.05 and retails for $55.
And it appears that
you're actually
manufacturing
the patches yourself.
All of them.
All of the patches
are 100% proprietary artwork.
I'm a designer. I've been in
the industry for two decades.
I'm responsible for generating
billions of dollars
in apparel sales.
What companies
were you with?
Well, my first big job
was for Gloria Vanderbilt.
I was hired to launch
their first ever junior brand.
I would create a jean there
that ultimately was written up
as the $100 million fit.
Tommy Hilfiger saw that article,
and the next thing I knew,
I was sitting in his office.
And at 28, he hired me
to be the vice president
of design for Tommy Jeans,
to breathe some new energy
into the brand.
Wow.
Jennifer,
you're a real loser.
Yeah.
Thank you.
So you have
no experience at all.
Greiner:
Yeah, keep going.
My last role was as
chief merchandizing officer
for a large-scale private
children's wear manufacturer.
It took my entire career
to finally figure out
that kids is what I love doing
the most.
This is definitely the most fun
I've had in -- in my whole
career.
What inspired you to say,
"Enough of the corporate world"?
It was the pandemic,
and my kids were home,
and I was just looking
for things to keep them busy.
We started tie-dyeing
and putting patches on things.
I was like,
"This is so much fun.
This is the white-space idea
that I'm keeping for myself.
I love this."
John: So you're
rolling out kiosks?
Yes.
Where would the kiosk
be going?
So we're looking at
taking these kiosks
to all kinds
of physical locations.
The first people that we're
testing the kiosk with
is actually with Claire's.
They're the premiere destination
of all things tween.
Oh.
That's smart.
But we're also looking at
putting them in kids' clubs
at resorts
and on cruise ships.
And, of course,
department stores and boutiques.
Greiner: Okay,
so when you came in,
I thought that this was
you do this online...
Yes.
...direct to consumer.
I go to your website.
That's correct.
Yeah. Me too.
Is this now an expansion?
Yes.
But, Jennifer, why?
Well, because I'm
a trend forecaster,
and that's how I've been
successful in my career,
by doing things
that haven't been done before.
And this is an incredible
in-store experience.
Everything's about
retail-tainment.
What are your sales?
I launched
in October of '22.
My first holiday season
was $60,000.
Okay.
And year to date,
we've done $110,000.
So it's $170,000
lifetime sales.
You're not making any money
yet, are you?
Not yet.
Cuban: You're not selling
the kiosks at all.
You're putting them in stores.
Right?
It's a very interesting
relationship
with our retail
and venue partners.
I hate
this kiosk idea.
Take your retail
shackles off.
No, no, no.
Set yourself free.
I am --
Be reborn.
I am reborn,
and I'm very happy
to go into this
from a DTC perspective.
But we all know
that customer acquisition costs
are very expensive,
and they're rising,
and they're getting
more and more difficult.
This is customer acquisition.
Yeah, but it's not.
This is --
It's not.
And here's why.
Because we've gotten
to the point now
with direct to consumer
where there's online
and there's in-store.
And typically, when you make
the decision to go in-store...
Right.
...it's the immediacy
of the product, right?
Right.
I can grab it
and get it right there.
That doesn't happen
with your kiosk.
I think you're going to have
people walk up to it
and maybe put in
some information,
which is great
for customer acquisition,
and then expect it
to pop out.
Right.
And you're going to get
a lot of canceled carts
because that product
isn't right there.
So, for those reasons,
I'm out.
O'Leary: Daymond,
what are you doing?
I'm struggling.
I like this thing a lot.
You know, this kiosk thing
can either be a massive hit
or a real problem.
It's just too risky for me.
So I'm out.
Jennifer, incredible quality,
great price point.
The sales are so low.
And now
we're going into kiosks.
But I still love it.
♪♪
Narrator: Two Sharks are out,
and Robert may be interested
in Jennifer's customizable
kids clothing brand,
Supermix Studios.
I hear your feedback
about the kiosk,
and it's certainly giving me
a lot to think about.
The people in this space
that I've shown it to
have been very,
very excited about it.
It's an incredible
in-store experience,
keeping people
in the store longer.
What do you pay the retailer?
And so --
And the arrangement here,
as we're discussing
going into Claire's,
is that they will receive
30% of the revenue
driven from the machine.
That's fine.
It's a win-win.
Ultimately, I'm holding
the inventory and fulfilling,
so all they have to do is
put this kiosk in their store,
and then it's 100%
incremental volume.
Right.
Greiner: No, I agree.
I'm telling you, this is the
next massive children's brand.
Imagine it as the Build-A-Bear
of apparel.
O'Leary:
Let me take a stab at it.
Okay? You're very impressive.
Thank you.
And I really believe
in the demand.
And it all came to you
during COVID-19.
But before COVID-19,
you got a different virus.
It's called retail-19.
And it's -- it's running
through your veins even now.
You can't let it go.
It's 30% to 40%
of your margin forever.
It's a curse.
But she's selling online.
She's about to do retail,
which I hate.
I'm sorry, I'm out.
Kevin --
Don't come too close
to me with that retail-19.
[ Laughter ]
I mean, that's just --
Listen, I actually think
you're pretty brilliant.
Thank you.
I think that you think
out of the box.
You're an innovator.
Thank you.
You've done something
completely unique and different,
and I think
it's super smart.
I see this for Disney.
Yes, that's right!
I see this as...
Yes!
Yes, of course.
Of course.
...in places where
you have the mom
and the kid.
They're a captive audience.
Right.
It's empowering.
It feels empowering to me.
Yes.
Let's make
an offer.
All right. So, okay, we're going
to make you an offer.
I don't know.
We're going to figure it out.
I mean, honestly, I've never
done a kids clothing line.
But I think there's --
Oh, we're going to
do a kids clothing line.
So at this point...
Yeah.
...while you're on to a great
thing, it's still pretty early.
We're going to offer you
the $250,000.
We want 25%.
Okay.
Ooh.
We'd also like a royalty
because we think you have
a cash flow of 5%.
Mm!
Oye!
Until we make back
the initial investment.
The $250,000.
After that, it goes away.
Of 5%?
5%.
And then it goes away.
What a bad deal.
Greiner: Well,
you can negotiate.
O'Leary: I mean, Mark, you're
not putting up any money.
And Mark is not
in this deal here.
Cuban: I'm just saying.
I do not find that a bad deal
in today's market.
Capital is completely
dried up,
particularly in your space.
The fact you have an offer
goes to your credibility
of your past.
Greiner: Right.
Yeah, it's all you.
Even though you are infected
with retail-19.
Obviously, it's really
important for me
to remain liquid and to be able
to grow this company.
So I'd like to counter
at 20% and 2% royalty.
I'm sorry,
I just can't.
All right, Jennifer,
$250,000, 20% equity,
3.5% royalty.
Lori?
I'm good with that.
Are you?
The royalty goes away
after you're paid back?
Correct.
You have a deal!
John: Wow!
O'Leary: There you go.
Amazing!
Thank you so much!
Lori!
It's such a cute idea.
Thank you.
Congrats. Well done.
Thank you, guys.
O'Leary:
Great presentation.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Good luck.
Lose the retail.
Oh, my gosh, we did it!
Ahh!
This is so awesome!
Lori and Robert just got it.
They really understood
what I was doing
and this is the next big thing
and this is revolutionary.
And they saw the vision, and I
couldn't ask for anything more.
This is absolutely incredible.
So exciting.
♪♪
-- Captions by VITAC --